Update podman guide with latest instructions (#26653)
quarkusio/quarkus: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing guide

Reviewer: Is it me or you reformatted the whole `CONTRIBUTING.md`? I don't think we want to do that.

Author: I agree, reformatting the whole of `CONTRIBUTING.md` is a terrible idea. :) When I looked in my IDE's source-control-view it was a minimal diff, so either it's sneakily not showing whitespace in its diff view (thanks for that, IDE), or it reformats as part of the actual commit process (extra-thanks for that, IDE). 

I'll start again from scratch and use a different editor. It does make me think it would be helpful if we had a canonical, shared, set of IDE settings, though. We have some shared settings but not - apparently - enough to prevent this kind of time-sink.

Author: I mean, with hindsight I should have also checked the diff on the PR, but I naively trusted my IDE. Sorry about that!

        * `xcode-select --install` 
* Set `GRAALVM_HOME` to your GraalVM Home directory e.g. `/opt/graalvm` on Linux or `$location/JDK/GraalVM/Contents/Home` on macOS

A container engine (such as [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) or [Podman](https://podman.io/)) is not strictly

> necessary: it is used to run the container-based tests which are not enabled by default.

Reviewer 2: And also required for DevServices

Author: Will add.

## Setup

If you have not done so on this machine, you need to:

* Install Git and configure your GitHub access
* Install Java SDK 11+ (OpenJDK recommended)
* Install [GraalVM](https://quarkus.io/guides/building-native-image)
* Install platform C developer tools:
    * Linux
        * Make sure headers are available on your system (you'll hit 'Basic header file missing (<zlib.h>)' error if
          they aren't).
            * On Fedora `sudo dnf install zlib-devel`
            * Otherwise `sudo apt-get install libz-dev`
    * macOS
        * `xcode-select --install`
* Set `GRAALVM_HOME` to your GraalVM Home directory e.g. `/opt/graalvm` on Linux
  or `$location/JDK/GraalVM/Contents/Home` on macOS

> A container engine (such as [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) or [Podman](https://podman.io/)) is not strictly
> necessary: it is used to run the MariaDB and PostgreSQL tests which are not enabled by default. However, it is a
> recommended install if you plan to work on Quarkus JPA support or other dev services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A container engine (such as [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) or [Podman](https://podman.io/)) is not strictly
necessary: it is used to run the container-based tests which are not enabled by default.
It is a recommended install though when working on any extension that relies on container-based tests (Hibernate ORM, MongoDB, ...):
```
